What are moral reasons and how are they so serious (i.e. they are overriding reasons).

Scanlon is only concerned with morality in the narrow sense of what we owe to each other. I.e. morality in the broad sense is merely considered with any reasons (personal or impersonal) that we have for certain behavior, e.g. such as which sexual conduct is moral. 

The explanation for the overriding nature of moral reasons must account for a dilemma:
1. It cannot be too disconnected from morality. I.e. it cannot be like a bribe. E.g. saying one has reason to be moral becuase God or society will punish you otherwise
2. Nor cannot it appeal to moral requirements purely. E.g. if someone said "you have reason to be moral because otherwise you would be acting immorally." It is not much of an explanation.

On contractualism: an act is wrong if it would be disallowed by any principle that no one could reasonably reject.
- The principles are for the general regulation of behavior. They are to serve as a basis for informed, unforced, general agreement.

What does it mean for it to be reasonable for someone to reject a principle?
1. What are the range of reasons to consider to determine if a principle can be rejected? An individual must have personal reasons to reject the princple, i.e. considerations that have to do with how THEIR life would be affected by the principle, and they reasons they have for wanting/not wanting their life to be so affected.
	- Personal as opposed to moral. Otherwise, the theory would be circular. We're trying to figure out what our moral requirements are. So we cannot appeal to a prior notion about what's reasonable.
	- Personal as opposed to impersonal. E.g. aesthetic reasons cannot provide moral duties. They might provide reasons for certain behaviors, but not MORAL reasons. I.e. they cannot be rasons that we have due to what we owe to others.
	- Personal reasons are more expansive than considerations related to well-being.
	- One's personal reasons do not gain more strength from others having similar reasons. So morality under contractualism is not aggregative. 
2. We must consider personal reasons a person has to reject a principle, given the aim of finding principles that no one else can reasonably reject.
3. It is reasonable for one to reject a principle only if one's personal reasons to reject the principle are strong enough relative to everyone else's personal reasons to insist on the principle. This is what distinguishes moral reasons from other reasons (i.e. prudential reasons). Note that this does not necessarily mean that one's personal reasons to reject the principles must be STRONGER than anyone's reason to insist on the principle. It could be the case that someone has strong enough reason to reject a principle (relative to eveyone else's reasons), even if other people have stronger reasons to insist upon it.

So it appeals to other notions of normativity:
1. What personal reasons we already have.
2. What it means for one's personal reasons to be strong enough, relative to other person's reasons.

The reasons we have to care about moral requirements come from the fact that we have reason to care about standing in justification to others. This reason is strong and is not easily overridden by others.

1. Surely, the law shouldn't force us to offer everything that we owe to each other
2. Does "A's reasons to reject principle X are strong enough relative to B's reasons to reject principle X" = "A's reasons to reject principle X is stronger than B's reason to reject principle X"? If so, that would be a rather demanding theory.
3. Where does this fit between metaethics and normative ethics?
4. Why use the term contractualism? What does the idea of a contract do?
5. Are the considerations that make an action wrong coextensive with the reasons to blame someone?
6. Do the descriptive aspects of contractualism apply to all societies?